CREATIVE MULTIMEDIA CORPORATION 

SOFTWARE LICENSE 

   PLEASE READ THIS LICENSE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SOFTWARE.  BY
USING THE SOFTWARE YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS
LICENSE.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE, PROMPTLY 
RETURN THE UNUSED SOFTWARE TO THE PLACE WHERE YOU OBTAINED IT AND YOUR
MONEY WILL BE REFUNDED. 
   1. License.  The application, demonstration, system and other
software accompanying this License, whether on a Disk, in read only
memory, or on any other media (the "Software") and related documentation
are licensed to you by Creative Multimedia Corp ("CMC").  You own the
disk on which the Software is recorded but CMC and/or CMC's Licensors
retain title to the Software and related documentation.  This License
allows you to use the Software on a single computer.  You may also
transfer all your license rights in the Software, the backup copy of the
Software, the related documentation and a copy of this License to
another party,  provided the other party reads and agrees to accept the
terms and conditions of this License.
   2. Restrictions.  The Software contains copyrighted material, trade
secrets and other proprietary material and in order to protect them you
may not decompile, reverse engineer, disabsemble or otherwise reduce the
Software to a human-perceivable form.  You may not modify, network,
rent, lease, loan, distribute or create derivative works based upon the
Software in whole or in part.  You may not electronically transmit the
Software from one computer to another or over a network.
   3. Termination.  This License is effective until terminated.  You may
terminate this License at any time by destroying the Software and
related documentation and all copies thereof.  This License will
terminate immediately without notice from CMC if you fail to comply with
any provision of this License.  Upon termination you must destroy the
Software and related documentation and all copies thereof.
   4. Export Law Assurances.  You agree and certify that neither the
Software nor any other technical data received trom CMC, nor the direct
product thereof, will be exported outside the United States except as
authorized and as permitted by the laws and regulations of the United
States. 
   5. Government End Users.  If you are acquiring the Software on behalf
of any unit or agency of the United States Government, the following
provisions apply.  The Government agrees:
      (i) if the Software is supplied to the Department of Defense
(DoD), the Software is classified as "Commercial Computer Software", and
the Government is acquiring only "restricted rights" in the Software and
its documentation as that term is defined in Clause 252.227-7013(c)(1)
of the DFARS; and
      (ii) if the Software is supplied to any unit or agency of the
United States Government other than DoD, the Government's rights in the
Software and its documentation will be as defined in Clause 52.227
19(c)(2) of the FAR or, in the case of NASA, in Clause 18-52.227-86(d)
of the NASA Supplement to the FAR. 
   6. Limited Warranty on Media.  CMC warrants the discs on which the
Software is recorded to be free from defects in materials and
workmanship under normal use for a period of ninety (90) days from the
date of purchase as evidenced by a copy of the receipt.  CMC's entire
liability and your exclusive remedy will be replacement of the disk not
meeting CMC's limited warranty and which is returned to CMC or a CMC
authorized representative with a copy of the receipt.  CMC will have no 
responsibility to replace a disc damaged by accident, abuse or
misapplication.  ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES ON THE DISCS, INCLUDING THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO NINETY (90) DAYS FROM THE DATE OF
DELIVERY.  THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY
ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION. 
   7. Disclaimer of Warranty on Software.  You expressly acknowledge and 
agree that use of the Software is at your sole risk.  The Software and
related documentation are provided "AS IS" and without warranty of an
kind and CMC and CMC's Licensor(s) (for the purposes of provisions 7 and
8, CMC and CMC's Licensor(s) shall be collectively referred to as "CMC")
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS  OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  CMC DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS
CONTAINED IN THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT THE
OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT
DEFECTS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED.  FURTHERMORE, CMC DOES NOT
WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF
THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR RELATED DOCUMENTATION IN TERMS OF THEIR
CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE.  NO ORAL OR WRITTEN
INFORMATION OR  ADVICE GIVEN BY CMC OR A CMC AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY OR IN ANY WAY INCREASE THE SCOPE OF THIS
WARRANTY.  SHOULD THE SOFTWARE PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU (AND NOT CMC OR A
CMC AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY
SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.  SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE
EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO
YOU. 
   8. Limitation of Liability.  UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE, SHALL CMC BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE
SOFTWARE OR RELATED DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF CMC OR A CMC AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY
FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR
EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
   In no event shall CMC's total liability to you for all damages,
losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort (including,
negligence) or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you for the
Software. 
   9. Controlling Law and Severability.  This License shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States and
the State of Oregon, as applied to agreements entered into and to be
performed entirely within Oregon between Oregon residents.  If for any
reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this
License, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision ofthe
License shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to
effect the intent of the parties, and the remainder of this License
shall continue in full force and effect. 
   10. Complete Agreement.  Thig License constitutes the entire
agreement between the parties with respect to the use of the Software
and related documentation, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous
understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject
matter.  No amendment to or modification of this License will be binding
unless in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of CMC.


   Warranty Disclaimer:
   Creative Multimedia Corporation ("CMC") 's,  LICENSOR(S) MAKES NO
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
REGARDING THE SOFTWARE.  CMC's LICENSOR(S) DOES NOT WARRANT, GUARANTEE
OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE
USEOF THE SOFTWARE IN TERMS OF ITS CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY,
CURRENTNESS OR OTHERWISE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE RESULTS AND
PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE IS ASSUMED BY YOU.  THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED
WARRANTIES IS NOT PERMITTED BY SOME JURISDICTIONS.  THE ABOVE EXCLUSION
MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU."


   Disclaimer of Liability: 
   "IN NO EVENT WILL CMC's LICENSOR(S), AND THEIR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, 
EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS (COLLECTIVELY CMC's LICENSOR) BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR 
ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR
LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS
INFORMATION, AND THE LIKE) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE
THE  SOFTWARE EVEN IF CMC's LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGES.  BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION
OR  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, 
THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  CMC's Licensor's liability
to you for actual damages from any cause whatsoever, and regardless of
the form of the action (whether in contract, tort (including
negligence),  product liability or otherwise), will be limited to $50.

